Book A Show - Online Ticket Booking


“BOOK A SHOW” is an online movie ticket system to book tickets for current and upcoming movie releases across the city in India. The user can select the movie and preferred circle while booking the ticket and the system will generate a ticket to the user.

As an HTML5 developer, you have been provided with the task of developing one module of this website. This module should contain the below pages:

1.       Ticket page – This will contain details that will be entered by the user to book movie tickets

Book Ticket Page:



S.No

Label Name

Element Name

Description

Limitation/Constraints

1

Name

name

Enter the name

Is a mandatory field, should be validated. Should not allow any special characters other than space. Do not use java script, use HTML 5 features.

2

Movie Name

moviename

An auto-complete feature should be available to the user for the following options.

Irada, Rangoon, Logan, Fist Fight. (Name of the auto-complete feature should be “movies”)

Do not use combo boxes, rather it should be done using <input> element

3

Circle

circle

An auto-complete feature should be available to the user for the following options.

Silver, Gold, Platinum. (Name of the auto-complete feature should be “circles”)

Do not use combo boxes, rather it should be done using <input> element

4

Phone no

phone

The text “Enter Mobile # here” should be displayed by default in the text box. When the user starts entering the number, this text should disappear.

Should validate for numeric digits. Should contain 10 digits. Do not use java script use HTML 5 features

5

Show date and time

showdate

Date picker to choose the date and time of the show.

Should NOT use javascript to create date picker.

6

No of Adults

tickets

Choose the number of passenger.

Minimum number that can be selected should be 1 and max number that can be selected should be 10. Do not use java script use HTML 5 features

7

No of childrens

childrens

Choose the number of children’s.

Minimum number that can be selected should be 1 and max number that can be selected should be 5. Do not use java script use HTML 5 features.

8

Book My Show

Book My Show

On clicking this submit button, validations should be performed and the ticket price should be calculated and displayed.

 

9

Reset

reset

Button with Reset as label. On clicking this button, all fields should be reset

 



All the fields are mandatory (Should be done using HTML5).

Apply the following styles :

S.No

Element Name

CSS

1

table

font-family:monospace;

font-weight: bold;

2

h1

color:#0000FF;

font-family:monospace;

text-align:center;


The body background color should be #00CED1.
The div tag is used to show the result with the id "result" and text be in bold and the color should be #0000FF 
The text color should be #0C1584.

Note: Do not use Inline CSS

Note:  Correctly specify the element name, as given in the requirement. All your html tags should be given in lower case.